gh-125927: Add docs description for daemon thread (#125961)
python/cpython: Doc/library/threading.rst

   base class constructor (``Thread.__init__()``) before doing anything else to
   the thread.

   .. note::

>       Threads are non-daemon by default, meaning they block the program from
>       exiting until they complete. By setting *daemon* to ``True``, thread becomes
>       daemon and will be forcibly terminated when the main program exits. Use
>       an explicit call to ``.join()`` on the daemon thread, which will block
>       the main program until the thread completes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      Threads are non-daemon by default, meaning they block the program from
      exiting until they complete. By setting *daemon* to ``True``, threads become
      daemon and will be forcibly terminated when the main program exits. Use
      an explicit call to ``.join()`` on a daemon thread to block
      the main program until the thread completes.
```
